Once you finish
implementing your particle
filter, I will ask you to assess
how accurate your position
estimates were.
For your project, I have given
you the ground truth position
of the car for every time step.
Your results might
look something
like this, where the red
car is the ground truth
and the blue car is the result
of your particle filter.
We will now discuss
two different ways
to quantify the difference
between your results
and the ground truth.
One way you could
report your error
is to take the weighted average
error of all the particles.
To do this, simply
take the root squared
error between each
particle and ground truth,
and multiply it by
the particle's weight.
Remember that in this
equation, Pi and g
are vectors that contain
the x position, y
position, and [INAUDIBLE] of
the car in map coordinates.
Then, you'll have to divide
by the sum of the weights.
Another possibility
is to just look
at the best, or the
highest-weighted particle,
and simply take the root
squared error of this particle.
Now, I want you to
practice reporting
the error of the particle
filter for a particular time
step given the best particle
and the ground truth position.